this is how i see the world should be
like remember um you know when you drive
through like uh these parks now these
parks called safari park or whatever
that you stay in your car and the
animals are free but they're not really
free because of course they're in a cage
but the ideal society is that the
animals are all free and we're the ones
in the cages
when i was in the fourth grade there was
this stupid kid that was picking on me
and i was a much bigger kid this kid was
like a weird skinny nerd so the teacher
never really bothered to like discipline
this kid and he kept like bugging me
like essentially bullying me so what i
did when i got an opportunity i was
alone with him and we were going down a
stairwell at the top of the stairwell i
grabbed his throat leaned him over the
stairwell and i was planning to kill him
uh if i had thrown him over the railing
he probably would have died he was
begging and pleading for his life when i
was grabbing him by the throat hanging
him over the railing and for a second i
thought like okay should i kill him will
i get away with it i made a cold
calculating decision not to kill him and
let him live because i thought the
consequence of killing him would
probably be worse than just letting him
live because i'd probably be found
guilty of murder
so no and that was when i was about yeah
in fourth grade i think that's not even
in teens yet that's like when i'm 10. so
i was younger than john meadows son and
there i am making cold calculating
decisions
so no you have agency when you're a
child i'm actually in favor of killing
carnivorous animals and maybe we can
actually have a debate about this uh
some other time
but um ideally i'd be i we'd want to get
rid of carnivorous animals so that prey
species like deer aren't preyed upon
okay hold on
yeah i heard you say that just a second
so
because this is one of the reasons that
i almost didn't go vegan i was just like
you know we got lions on the planet and
lions are always going to eat deer and
the world's [ __ ] up because whoever
god is or nature just messed it up why
do we have carnivorous animals yeah i
thought the same thing
i don't feel right about killing animals
or just killing even killing the
predators because they they can't help
it and they're not going around killing
like
serial killers just kill what they need
to eat
okay well if there were if there was a
hypothetical group of human beings that
had to kill other human beings to
survive
would you be okay with them killing
other human beings like just as long as
it's necessary like okay well they're
only killing other people when they need
to
i don't see how that justifies it
like does it make sense to allow one
animal
to kill like countless other animals
through the course of its lifetime just
to sustain one life
it's only because i think
i i just think it's a it's
really tricky when we start getting into
that and taking over and really i don't
know i haven't thought about it enough i
mean clearly you have put a lot of
thought you probably had some debates
about it but i yeah yeah i'll have to
i'll have to give that some thought i
yeah it's weird it's i don't know when i
first heard of it it was hard to
yeah i had to concede because i couldn't
get come up with an argument but um yeah
it feels funny at first changing your
perspective like that
so it would be
in your view so we would kill the lions
[Music]
yeah unless they were coming after me
then you're right i wouldn't think
they're so cute we're lions and leopards
coyotes
so basically we if you were the king of
the world that's what you're saying is
that you're the king of the world and
you say okay now we're going to kill all
the predators
so all the cats die
and
or no
because they can be vegan
fosus in uno falsus in omnibus
you may not recognize this latin phrase
but if you can understand the english
language you are living in a society
built on this principle the principle is
that someone who will lie about anything
will lie about everything that if just
one thing
in a person's testimony is shown to be
false you have to disregard all of their
testimony it's completely absurd it's
completely ridiculous and we've had
innumerable court cases in which for
example a lawyer was able to show
that the person being interrogated had
lied for example about being a
homosexual in a homosexual relationship
in a period of time when homophobia was
the predominant
social prejudice
and then on the basis of this lie about
their personal life something completely
unrelated to the crime being committed
the case being investigated everything
else they had to say was dismissed from
the record this is older than the
american constitution it's older than
the so-called british constitution
it's one of the most ancient continuous
parts of our legal tradition of our
political philosophy in the english
speaking world it's influenced the whole
world
why
why do we regard a person's credibility
as standing or falling with each and
every claim they make
when does this delusion come from and
what purpose does it serve
okay
i was young once
i have to think way back to a time
when i found someone attractive
physically attractive or just
charismatic and i wanted to believe
they were the most brilliant person in
the world i remember i once saw an
interview in a magazine and the
interviewer was a stupid concept for an
interview but the interviewer went
around asking everybody questions about
happiness what is it that makes you
happy and then compared the answers
different celebrities and politicians
gave you like what's the meaning of
happiness in your life and one of the
answers i always remember was it was
from some celebrity i remember who one
of the celebrities said back in response
to this i'm probably happiest
when i'm kidding myself into thinking
that the person i want to sleep with
happens to be the most profound and
intelligent person in the world okay i
have to think way way back in my own
life to that stage where the fact that i
admired someone the fact that i found
someone attractive or the fact that i
found someone charismatic led me to
imagine or presume
that they were intelligent and it was a
strange
sobering moment of maturation it was a
strange part
of the process growing up to just
recognize that the vast majority of
people i found attractive and you know
people who are on magazine covers and
people who are in movies you know
people who are singers and dancers the
vast majority of them are complete
idiots and of course it's not because
being attractive makes you stupid
they're just two completely unrelated
variables okay it's really hard
for people to face up to the fact that
these social media influencers they have
come to idolize
that they have come to trust it's hard
to face up to
just how
stupid they are
just how mentally incompetent just how
intellectually stunted in their own
development
and
in a strange sense just how emotionally
incompetent they're just how little
emotional sophistication they've got
okay and i know the vast majority of
people who click on this video already
agree with the hypothesis i know that
most of you are just here to confirm
your own negative opinion about vegan
gains but
keep in mind there will be a few there
will be a few people in the audience for
whom right now in 2021 this is the
opportunity this is the time when they
face up to the extent to which they've
made an idol out of someone who is just
fundamentally
stupid lazy bad and evil in the most
childish sense of those terms
you're just looking at someone who never
developed any intellectual
sophistication any emotional
sophistication any ethical
sophistication and she presents himself
of course
as a philosopher king
sitting on his throne
doing battle with the other great
intellects
of youtube
to debate the future of the vegan
movement the future of atheism the
future of the islamic religion the
future of the the use of
performance-enhancing drugs and
bodybuilding uh
a number of other
a number of other interests that happen
to uh come on to his
desk when it isn't completely cluttered
with video games and child-like
collectible action figures and dolls and
dare i mention dildos for his hardcore
porn act on only fans
okay
falsis in uno
falsus in omnibus all right why do we
have
this principle in our legal
moral political philosophy okay if you
would lie about this if you would be
wrong about this okay you could lie
about anything either you're a person
with integrity
or
you are not